---
layout: single
title: "Nine Days"
date: 2025-09-06
categories:
  - "2025"
---

In the midst of feeling pretty depleted last night, a wonderful friend reminded me that I have nine days to make my own stretched out in front of me. Nine days to recharge.

Except of course the nine days are already being taken from me. “Can you just”...

Deep breaths.

I’m sitting in Spoons while writing this. It’s remarkably dead this morning. The clock is ticking towards 10am, and the floor is a sea of empty tables. I half hoped my eldest daughter might join me, but there’s no sign of her yet.

A grown man just walked past in full “toddler” apparel. This fashion trend hadn’t occurred to me until Jimmy Carr called it out during a stand-up routine. Seriously... short trousers, an enormous hoodie, and a beanie hat.

Change of subject.

Something has been picking away at me for a while - probably a subject for an entire blog post at some point. Why is it that US men have to try and be the wise-guy all the time? Any time they post anything online they have to try and be funny - any time they comment they have to try to be snarky. Why? What the hell happened to being genuine, thoughtful, honest, or empathetic?

I don’t get it. I really don’t. It’s right up there with mansplaining. Why do so many people feel the need to explain to others what they are seeing, reading, or hearing? THEY SAW, READ OR HEARD THE SAME THING AS YOU!

Drax from Guardians of the Galaxy comes to mind - I’m guessing a huge swathe of the world’s population have no idea he was aimed directly at them. “That’s funny because...”, “The thing they did there was...”, “They totally just...” ... we know. We watched it, read it, or listened to it. We know.

It’s all so exhausting.

Anyway.

The morning is disappearing in front of me. I promised my other half some nice croissants from the store. Wish me luck in finding them.